The current maintainer of rc is Toby Goodwin <toby@paccrat.org>.  Please
send all bug reports to him.

This shell was written by me, Byron Rakitzis, but kudos go to Paul Haahr
for letting me know what a shell should do and for contributing certain
bits and pieces to rc (notably the limits code, print.c, most of which.c
and the backquote redirection code), and to Hugh Redelmeier for running
rc through his fussy ANSI compiler and thereby provoking interesting
discussions about portability, and also for providing many valuable
suggestions for improving rc's code in general. Finally, many thanks go
to David Sanderson, for reworking the man page to format well with
troff, and for providing many suggestions both for rc and its man page.

Thanks to Boyd Roberts for the original history.c, and to Hugh again for
re-working parts of that code.

Of course, without Tom Duff's design of the original rc, I could not
have written this shell (though I probably would have written *a*
shell). Almost all of the features, with minor exceptions, have been
implemented as described in the Unix v10 manuals. Hats off to td for
designing a C-like, minimal but very useful shell.

Tom Duff has kindly given permission for the paper he wrote for UKUUG to
be distributed with this version of rc (called "plan9.ps" in the same
FTP or HTTP directory as the shell). Please read this paper bearing in
mind that it describes a program that was written at AT&T and that the
version of rc presented here differs in some respects.

Toby would like to thank these people for their contributions since he
took over maintenance of rc. Aharon Robbins, Arvid Requate, Bengt
Kleberg, Brynjulv Hauksson, Byron Rakitzis, Callum Gibson, Chris
Siebenmann, Christian Neukirchen, Dale Scheetz, Dan Moniz, David Luyer,
David Swasey, Decklin Foster, Donn Cave, Erik Quanstrom, Gary Carvell,
Gerry Tomlinson, Gert-Jan Vons, Ian Lance Taylor, Jakub Wilk, Jeremy
Fitzhardinge, Marc Moorcroft, Mark H Wilkinson, Mark K Gardner, Raymond
Venneker, Rich $alz, Rob Savoye, Scott Schwartz, Stefan Dalibor, Steve
Simon, Thomas Nordin, Tom Culliton, Tom Tromey, Vincent Broman, Wolfgang
Zekoll.
